### Chess_AI_Round_3.ipynb

This was the first in-depth AI project I ever did on my own. I had been playing chess a lot when I got into AI, so I figured why not try to make AI that can play chess? I used a Deep Convolutional Network to make moves based on the board configuration. I struggled representing the board configuration and properly parsing the data I scraped from the internet. I then tested it's capabilities by having it play against itself using Minimax with Alpha-Beta pruning. This presented a whole new set of challenges. Ultimately, the project was succesful in that I learned a lot, but not much more than that. A more in-depth description of my process can be found [here](https://chargerml.wordpress.com/2022/11/21/starting-my-first-project-chess-ai/)

### Chess_AI_Round_4.ipynb

This was my attempt to improve upon the previous chess AI I had written by using Transformers. It made sense to me at the time that their inductive bias would make sense for chess. This project wasn't any more succesful than the previous attempt, but it highlighted to me the key problem and solution. The AI would make moves that were very intelligent and that a grandmaster would make, but would then blunder its queen on the next move. I think that it was just trying to mimic the high-level play that it trained on in my dataset instead of actually having any game understanding. Deepmind's AlphaZero used a reinforcement learning algorithm to solve this. That way, not only did it learn concepts from the ground up, but it also got rid of most human bias that would come from training on humans. I completed Deepmind and UCL's YouTube RL course only to find that I didn't have enough compute to train such a model on my own and have it be decent. 